Add note for backup repository password configuration (#6618)
vmware-tanzu/velero: site/content/docs/main/file-system-backup.md

There may be additional installation steps depending on the cloud provider plugin you are using. You should refer to the 
[plugin specific documentation](supported-providers.md) for the must up to date information.  

**Note:** Currently, Velero creates a secret named `velero-repo-credentials` in the velero install namespace, this secret consists of a default backup
repository password, the backup repository is created during the first execution of FS Backup after installing Velero with node agent. If you do not

> want to use the default password set by Velero, please make sure you update the secret to use your own password of choice, the value of the key to update is `Data[repository-password]`. 

Reviewer: It may be worthwhile to explicitly state that base64 of the password should be set and not the password itself. Also, it may be better to be more explicit about the side effects of changing password after few backups are done.

Author: Done, updated the PR.

There may be additional installation steps depending on the cloud provider plugin you are using. You should refer to the 
[plugin specific documentation](supported-providers.md) for the must up to date information.  

**Note:** Currently, Velero creates a secret named `velero-repo-credentials` in the velero install namespace, this secret consists of a default backup
repository password, the backup repository is created during the first execution of FS Backup after installing Velero with node agent. If you do not
want to use the default password set by Velero, please make sure you update the secret to use your own password of choice, the value of the key to update is `Data[repository-password]`. Please ensure
that the password is base64 encoded in the secret. Also, please make sure that you update this secret prior to the first FS Backup/creation of backup repository. If you update the secret with a new password after a few FS Backups/backup repository creation,

> then in such a scenario as a side effect, Velero will not be able to connect with the older FS Backups.

Reviewer: "then in such a scenario as a side effect" seems redundant to me but otherwise, I am fine with the text. Suggestion from @kaovilai seems fine as well with minor grammatical changes ("velero creates" etc).

Author: Done, Updated the PR.

> **Note:** Currently, Velero creates a secret named `velero-repo-credentials` in the velero install namespace, this secret consists of a default backup
> repository password, the backup repository is created during the first execution of FS Backup after installing Velero with node agent. If you do not
> want to use the default password set by Velero, please make sure you update the secret to use your own password of choice, the value of the key to update is `Data[repository-password]`. Please ensure
> that the password is base64 encoded in the secret. Also, please make sure that you update this secret prior to the first FS Backup/creation of backup repository. If you update the secret with a new password after a few FS Backups/backup repository creation,
> then in such a scenario as a side effect, Velero will not be able to connect with the older FS Backups.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Securing your backup 
By default, Velero create a secret named `velero-repo-credentials` in the velero install namespace containing a default backup repository password.
If you do not want to use the default password set by Velero, please update the secret with your own password  encoded as base64.
The value of the key to update is `Data[repository-password]`.

Backup repository is created during the first execution of FS Backup after installing Velero with node agent. Therefore, make sure that secret is updated prior to the first FS Backup/creation of backup repository.

If you update the secret password after the first FS Backups which created the backup repository, then Velero will not be able to connect with the older FS Backups.

```

Author: Done, Updated the PR.
